%% Phil Hudson's choicest fortune cookies
If everyone worldwide had the same chance of becoming a billionaire, you'd
expect the chance of a billionaire child having a billionaire parent to be one
out of 9.3 million. In reality the odds are two out of five.

        -- Charles Kenny

%
In 1941, the U.S. economy produced almost 40 percent more output than it had in
1929, with virtually no increase in labor hours or private-sector capital input.
Almost all of the increase in output per hour is attributable to technological
and organizational advance. ... The [Great Depression in the] 1930s were indeed
the most technologically progressive decade of the century.

        -- Alex Field

%
In manufacturing, the market price is set by the smartest guy with the best,
cheapest production process. In [stock] markets, the price is set by the dumbest
guy with the most money to lose.

        -- William Heyman

%
The United States, with income per capita of $29,000 and annual health care
expenditures per head of $5,711, sees a life expectancy of seventy-seven years.
Compare this to Costa Rica, where annual income per head is $6,500, annual
health expenditures per capita is $305, and life expectancy is seventy-nine
years.

        -- Charles Kenny

%
In school they give you a question and ask you to find an answer. In the real
world the answers are everywhere -- the Internet, calculators, history books,
reference manuals. The trick is asking the right questions.

        -- Adapted from speech by Conrad Wolfram

%
Small government is better than big government, but size is less important than
quality. For example, Sweden's government spends more than half of gross
domestic product while Mexico's spends only a quarter of its GDP. But Swedish
government is efficient and honest while Mexico's is inefficient and rife with
corruption. That's one reason Sweden is rich and Mexico is poor.

        -- Greg Ip

%
A Canadian polling company once asked people how many millions there are in a
billion. Forty-five percent didn't know. So how will they react when they're
told that the arsenic levels in their drinking water are three parts per
billion? Those who don't know what a billion is can only ... hit the panic
button.

        -- Daniel Gardner

%
That what is self-evident to one person can be seen as silly by another should
give us pause about the reliability of common sense as a basis for understanding
the world.

        -- Duncan Watts

%
The only function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look respectable.

        -- John Kenneth Galbraith

%
The man who doesn't read good books has no advantage over the man who can't read them.

        -- Mark Twain

%
World Game: make the world work for 100% of humanity in the shortest possible
time through spontaneous cooperation without ecological damage or disadvantage
to anyone.

        -- R. Buckminster Fuller

%
In the Information Age cryptography is about political power, and in particular,
about the power relationship between a government and its people. It is about
the right to privacy, freedom of speech, freedom of political association,
freedom of the press, freedom from unreasonable search and seizure, freedom to
be left alone.

        --  Phil Zimmermann

%
America is a one-party state with two right wings.

        --  Gore Vidal

%
Gehm's Corollary to Clarke's Third Law:

Any technology distinguishable from magic is insufficiently advanced.

        -- Barry Gehm, _Analog_, 1991?

%
(Jon White, for New Scientist): Why do people so readily believe in miracles?

(Sanal Edamaruku): For many, the regressive belief in superstitions and miracles
is an escape from the hardships of life. Once trapped into irrationalism, they
become more incapable of mastering reality. It is a vicious circle, like an
addiction. They become vulnerable to exploitation by astrologers, godmen,
dubious pseudo-psychologists, corrupt politicians, and the whole mega-industry
of irrationalism.

%
Any single man must judge for himself whether circumstances warrant obedience or
resistance to the commands of the civil magistrate; we are all qualified,
entitled, and morally obliged to evaluate the conduct of our rulers. This
political judgment, moreover, is not simply or primarily a right, but like
self-preservation, a duty to God. As such it is a judgment that men cannot part
with according to the God of Nature. It is the first and foremost of our
inalienable rights without which we can preserve no other.

        -- John Locke

%
Does it follow that I reject all authority? Far from me such a thought. In the
matter of boots, I refer to the authority of the bootmaker; concerning houses,
canals, or railroads, I consult that of the architect or the engineer. For such
or such special knowledge I apply to such or such a savant. But I allow neither
the bootmaker nor the architect nor the savant to impose his authority upon me.

        -- Mikhail Bakunin, 1882

%
All members of a revolutionary organization must develop their reading,
speaking, writing and organizing skills, and all members must learn the history
and struggles of proletariats of color.

%
The whole aim of practical politics is to keep the populace alarmed (and hence
clamorous to be led to safety) by menacing it with an endless series of
hobgoblins, all of them imaginary.

        -- H. L. Mencken

%
National Security Agency – The only part of the government that really listens
to what you have to say

%
The technotronic era involves the gradual appearance of a more controlled
society. Such a society would be dominated by an elite, unrestrained by
traditional values. Soon it will be possible to assert almost continuous
surveillance over every citizen and maintain up-to-date complete files
containing even the most personal information about the citizen. These files
will be subject to instantaneous retrieval by the authorities.

[...]

In the technotronic society the trend would seem to be towards the aggregation
of the individual support of millions of uncoordinated citizens, easily within
the reach of magnetic and attractive personalities exploiting the latest
communications techniques to manipulate emotions and control reason.

        -- Zbigniew Brzezinski
           "Between Two Ages: America’s Role in the Technotronic Era"

%
Our laws are the output of a system which clothes rascals in robes and honesty
in rags.

        -- Mary Elizabeth Lease, c. 1890

%
Those who profess to favour freedom and yet deprecate agitation are people who
want crops without ploughing the ground; they want rain without thunder and
lightning; they want the ocean without the roar of its many waters. The struggle
may be a moral one, or it may be a physical one, or it may be both. But it must
be a struggle. Power concedes nothing without a demand. It never did and it
never will.

        -- Frederick Douglass

%
It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends
upon his not understanding it.

        -- Upton Sinclair

%
The law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep
under bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.

        -- Anatole France

%
Advocates of capitalism are very apt to appeal to the sacred principles of
liberty, which are embodied in one maxim: The fortunate must not be restrained
in the exercise of tyranny over the unfortunate.

        -- Bertrand Russell
           "Sceptical Essays" (1928) Ch. 13: Ch. 13: Freedom in Society

%
I was the rabbi of the Jewish community in Berlin under the Hitler regime. I
learned many things. The most important thing that I learned in my life is that
bigotry and hatred are not the most urgent problem. The most urgent, the most
disgraceful, the most shameful, and the most tragic problem is silence.

        -- Joachim Prinz, speaking during the March on Washington in 1963

%
If you’re not careful, the newspapers will have you hating the people who are
being oppressed and loving those who are doing it.

        -- Malcolm X

%
All for ourselves, and nothing for other people, seems, in every age of the
world, to have been the vile maxim of the masters of mankind.

        -- Adam Smith, "The Wealth of Nations", 1776
           Book III, Chapter IV, p. 448

%
We rarely hear, it has been said, of the combinations [that is, unions] of
masters, though frequently of those of the workman. But whoever imagines, upon
this account, that masters rarely combine, is as ignorant of the world as of the
subject.

        -- Adam Smith, "The Wealth of Nations", 1776
           Book I, Chapter VIII, p. 80

%
If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the
oppressor.

        -- Desmond Tutu

%
All this was inspired by the principle — which is quite true within itself —
that in the big lie there is always a certain force of credibility; because the
broad masses of a nation are always more easily corrupted in the deeper strata
of their emotional nature than consciously or voluntarily; and thus in the
primitive simplicity of their minds they more readily fall victims to the big
lie than the small lie, since they themselves often tell small lies in little
matters but would be ashamed to resort to large-scale falsehoods. It would never
come into their heads to fabricate colossal untruths, and they would not believe
that others could have the impudence to distort the truth so infamously. Even
though the facts which prove this to be so may be brought clearly to their
minds, they will still doubt and waver and will continue to think that there may
be some other explanation. For the grossly impudent lie always leaves traces
behind it, even after it has been nailed down, a fact which is known to all
expert liars in this world and to all who conspire together in the art of lying.

        -- Adolf Hitler , Mein Kampf, vol. I, ch. X[1]

%
You may choose to look the other way, but you can never say again that you did
not know.

        -- William Wilberforce

%
In loyalty to their kind
They cannot tolerate our minds
In loyalty to our kind
We cannot tolerate their obstruction

        -- Jefferson Airplane, "Crown of Creation"

%
Drugs are richly functional scapegoats. They provide elites with fig leafs to
place over the unsightly social ills that are endemic to the social system over
which they preside. They provide the public with a restricted aperture of
attribution in which only the chemical bogey man or lone deviant come into view
and the social causes of a cornucopia of complex problems are out of the
picture.

        -- Prof. Craig Reinarman, UCSC

%
The United States appears to be destined by providence to plague America with
misery in the name of liberty.

        -- Simón Bolívar

%
The demand for certainty is one which is natural to man, but is nevertheless an
intellectual vice. So long as men are not trained to withhold judgment in the
absence of evidence, they will be led astray by cocksure prophets, and it is
likely that their leaders will be either ignorant fanatics or dishonest
charlatans. To endure uncertainty is difficult, but so are most of the other
virtues. For the learning of every virtue there is an appropriate discipline,
and for the learning of suspended judgment the best discipline is philosophy.

        -- Bertrand Russell "Philosophy for Laymen" (1946)

%
“You have a morbid aversion to dying. You probably resent the fact that you're
at war and might get your head blown off any second."

"I more than resent it, sir. I'm absolutely incensed."

"You have deep-seated survival anxieties. And you don't like bigots, bullies,
snobs, or hypocrites. Subconsciously there are many people you hate."

"Consciously, sir, consciously," Yossarian corrected in an effort to help. "I
hate them consciously."

"You're antagonistic to the idea of being robbed, exploited, degraded,
humiliated, or deceived. Misery depresses you. Ignorance depresses you.
Persecution depresses you. Violence depresses you. Corruption depresses you. You
know, it wouldn't surprise me if you're a manic-depressive!"

"Yes, sir. Perhaps I am."

"Don't try to deny it."

"I'm not denying it, sir," said Yossarian, pleased with the miraculous rapport
that finally existed between them. "I agree with all you've said.”

        -- "Catch-22", by Joseph Heller

%
The country was in peril; he was jeopardizing his traditional rights of freedom
and independence by daring to exercise them.

        -- "Catch-22", by Joseph Heller

%
"But I make a profit of three and a quarter cents an egg by selling them for
four and a quarter cents an egg to the people in Malta I buy them from for seven
cents an egg. Of course, I don't make the profit. The syndicate makes the
profit. And everybody has a share."

        -- Lt. Milo Minderbinder, USAF.
           ("Catch-22", by Joseph Heller)

%
Do not feel envious of the happiness of those who live in a fool's paradise, for
only a fool will think that it is happiness.

        -- Bertrand Russell

%
"The unleashed power of the atom has changed everything save our modes of
thinking and we thus drift toward unparalleled catastrophe."

        -- Albert Einstein, 1946

%
Spread your rubber lovin'
And it bounces back to you

        -- Macy Gray

%
You never blow your trip forever.

        -- Gong

%
The attitude toward settlers -- not just the legal system's attitude, the
government too -- the attitude was that we never really knew how to deal with
this issue [equality before the law for both Palestinians and Israeli settlers
in the occupied territories]. You were never certain. Am I being too tough?
Maybe I'm being too lenient? There were always doubts. With the Palestinian
population, we didn't have those doubts, because apparently their intention was
to undermine the government. You can't say that about the Israeli settlers.

Therefore, it's different, you couldn't just say "There's one law and I'll treat
everyone the same, no matter what." You have to be practical. You can't say
that, it wouldn't be right.

        -- Alexander Ramati
           Lt. Col. (Ret'd), IDF
           Legal Advisor, West Bank Military Command 1973-1979

           In "The Law In These Parts", a 2011 documentary film by Ra'anan Alexandrowicz.
           Spoken in Hebrew. Transcribed from the English subtitles.
           https://www.thelawfilm.com/eng

%
[The defendant addresses the court during case number 2058 in 2011,
IDF Military Prosecutor vs Bassem Tamimi.]

Your honor,

I was born in the same year as the occupation, and ever since, I've been living
under its inherent inhumanity, inequality, racism and lack of freedom. I have
been imprisoned nine times for a sum total of almost three years, though I was
never convicted of any felony. During one of my detentions, I was paralyzed as a
result of torture. My wife was detained, my children wounded, my land stolen by
settlers, and now my house is slated for demolition.

International law recognizes that occupied people have the right to resist.
Because of my belief in this right, I organize popular demonstrations against
the theft of more than half of my village's land, against settler attacks,
against the occupation.

You, who claim to be the only democracy in the Middle East, are trying me under
laws written by authorities I have not elected, and which do not represent me.
For me, these laws do not exist. They are meaningless.

The military prosecutor accuses me of inciting protesters to throw stones at the
soldiers. What actually incited them was the occupation's bulldozers on our
land, the guns, the smell of tear-gas.

And if the military judge releases me, will I be convinced there is justice in
your courts?

        -- Bassem Tamimi

           In "The Law In These Parts", a 2011 documentary film by Ra'anan Alexandrowicz.
           Recounted in Hebrew, and transcribed from the English subtitles.
           https://www.thelawfilm.com/eng

%
Our scientific power has out-run our spiritual power. We have guided missiles
and misguided men.

        -- Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., "Strength of Love"

%
Wars are poor chisels for carving out peaceful tomorrows.

        -- Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.

%
When it comes to defending the freedom of others, to lie
down and do nothing is an act of weakness, not humility.

%
Everyone but an idiot knows that the lower classes must be kept poor, or they
will never be industrious.

        -- Arthur Young; 1771

%
Struggle with dignity against injustice. Is there anything
more honorable that a person can do?

%
I'd rather vote for something I want and not get it than vote for something I
don't want, and get it.

        -- Eugene  Debs (1855-1926)

%
Patriotism is the will to die for the protection of your owner's good.

        -- Régis Gronoff (inspired by Guy Debord)

%
How to compose a successful critical commentary:

1. You should attempt to re-express your target’s position so clearly, vividly,
   and fairly that your target says, “Thanks, I wish I’d thought of putting it
   that way.

2. You should list any points of agreement (especially if they are not matters
   of general or widespread agreement).

3. You should mention anything you have learned from your target.

Only then are you permitted to say so much as a word of rebuttal or criticism.

        -- Daniel Dennett, following Anatol Rapoport
           https://www.brainpickings.org/2014/03/28/daniel-dennett-rapoport-rules-criticism/

%
If you say you have nothing to hide, then give me your password and let me read
through all of your emails

        -- Glenn Greenwald

%
People who have nothing to hide are living their lives wrong and ought
to be ashamed of themselves.

        -- William Heath

%
Arguing that you don't care about the right to privacy because you have
nothing to hide is no different than saying you don't care about free
speech because you have nothing to say.

        -- Edward Snowden,
           http://mic.com/articles/119602/in-one-quote-edward-snowden-summed-up-why-our-privacy-is-worth-fighting-for#.z6XDSHFSd

%
... the premise [is] that privacy is about hiding a wrong. It's not.
Privacy is an inherent human right, and a requirement for maintaining
the human condition with dignity and respect.

        -- Bruce Schneier,
           https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2006/05/the_value_of_pr.html

%
When the nothing-to-hide argument is unpacked, and its underlying
assumptions examined and challenged, we can see how it shifts the debate
to its terms, then draws power from its unfair advantage. The
nothing-to-hide argument speaks to some problems but not to others. It
represents a singular and narrow way of conceiving of privacy, and it
wins by excluding consideration of the other problems often raised with
government security measures. When engaged directly, the nothing-to-hide
argument can ensnare, for it forces the debate to focus on its narrow
understanding of privacy. But when confronted with the plurality of
privacy problems implicated by government data collection and use beyond
surveillance and disclosure, the nothing-to-hide argument, in the end,
has nothing to say.

        -- Daniel J. Solove
           http://chronicle.com/article/Why-Privacy-Matters-Even-if/127461

%
If God really existed, it would be necessary to abolish Him.

        -- Mihhail Bakunin

%
Critical thought does not submit to commands to join the ranks marching against
one or another approved enemy.

        -- Edward Said

%
We are not safe and secure when the government uses us as pawns to perpetrate
violence against others.

        -- Chelsea Manning, Guardian OpEd
           June 13, 2016

%
There is no way to peace. Peace is the way.

        -- M. K. Gandhi

%
The release of atom power has changed everything except our way of thinking...
The solution to this problem lies in the heart of mankind. If only I had known,
I should have become a watchmaker.

        -- Albert Einstein

%
As far as we can see, the sole purpose of human existence is to kindle a light
of meaning in the darkness of mere being.

        -- C. G. Jung, "Memories, Dreams, Reflections"

%
The Green ideal is not for machines to do all the work, freeing humans from the
need to labour, but for each person to have creative and rewarding work which
makes a contribution to the common good, as part of a healthy, balanced life.

        -- Anne Chapman

%
LSD was an incredible experience. Not that I'm recommending it for anybody else;
but for me it kind of – it hammered home to me that reality was not a fixed
thing. That the reality that we saw about us every day was one reality, and a
valid one – but that there were others, different perspectives where different
things have meaning that were just as valid. That had a profound effect on me.

        -- Alan Moore

%
Liberals are tolerated by the capitalist elites because they do not question the
virtues of corporate capitalism, only its excesses, and call for tepid and
ineffectual reforms.

        -- Chris Hedges

%
The American public was lied to [about the Vietnam War] month by month by each
of these five administrations [Truman, Eisenhower, Kennedy, Johnson, Nixon].
It's a tribute to the American public that their leaders perceived that they had
to be lied to. It's no tribute to us that it was so easy to fool the public.

        -- Daniel Ellsberg
           in "Hearts and Minds" (1974), a documentary of the Vietnam War
           [1:17:35 onward]

%
For women to choose to live and work only with other women, and to deliberately
and consistently refuse to allow men to join in, was shocking. For women to be
devising and undertaking daring and sometimes dangerous actions against the
nuclear state, without male protection or assistance, was new. For women to
occupy public space in such numbers, over such a long period of time, and with
no concessions to the patriarchal gaze in their mode of dress, bodily
comportment, or standards of domestic order, was unprecedented. And for women to
do all this, and to appear to enjoy it, refuse the status of martyrs for a
higher cause, was deeply troubling.

        -- Sasha Roseneil
           "Disarming Patriarchy: Feminism and Political Action at Greenham"

%
[D]espite the scary contumely of [Dr. Timothy Leary's] fellow academicians, the
dispraising timorous irony of scientific "professionals," the stupidity meanness
self-serving cowardice and hollow vanity of bureaucratic personnel from Harvard
Yard to Mexico City to Washington, from the ignorant Sheriff's office in
Dutchess County NY to the Gordon Liddy-haunted inner greedy sanctums of the US
Treasury Department in D. C., our whole "establishment" of civilization that
defends us from knowledge of our own unconscious by means of policeman's clubs,
and would resist the liberation of our minds and bodies by any brutish means
available including teargas, napalm & the Hydrogen Bomb.

        -- Allen Ginsberg, "A Tale of the Tribe"

%
The friends of peace in bourgeois circles believe that world peace and
disarmament can be realised within the frame-work of the present social order,
whereas we, who base ourselves on the materialistic conception of history and on
scientific socialism, are convinced that militarism can only be abolished from
the world with the destruction of the capitalist class state.

        -- Rosa Luxemburg, "Peace Utopias", 1911

%
If the workers took a notion
    They could stop all speeding trains;
Every ship upon the ocean
    They can tie with mighty chains.

Every wheel in the creation
    Every mine and every mill;
Fleets and armies of the nation
    Will at their command stand still.

        -- Joe Hill

%
How dare they try to end this beauty?

        -- Hair

%
Facing a dying nation
Of moving paper fantasy
Listening for the new told lies

        -- Hair

%
Emancipate yourself from mental slavery.
None but ourselves can free our mind.

        -- Bob Marley, "Redemption Songs"

%
I may be hungry, but I sure ain't weird.

        -- Captain Beefheart, "Safe As Milk"

%
Marx was right: capitalism is a system that reproduces itself and has to
continuously expand until it destroys the conditions of its existence. Initially
he thought that would be the development of the proletariat, who would be able
to seize power. That's not on the agenda now. The destruction that's going to
take place is the destruction of the global ecosystem. So unless we can find
some alternative path to the trajectory we're on, which is the domination of the
world by the world market, we face the collapse of civilization, perhaps the end
of humanity.

        -- Arran Gare, on "Earth Matters", 3CR Community Radio (Australia), 2017

%
Love, and do what thou wilt.

        -- Augustine of Hippo

%
Living is easy with eyes closed
Misunderstanding all you see

        -- John Lennon, "Strawberry Fields Forever"

%
Babylon is falling
It was foolish to build it on the sand

        -- "Handsworth Revolution", Steel Pulse

%
It is the historic mission of the working class to do away with capitalism. The
army of production must be organised, not only for everyday struggle with
capitalists, but also to carry on production when capitalism shall have been
overthrown. By organising industrially we are forming the structure of the new
society within the shell of the old.

        -- Preamble to the Industrial Workers of the World constitution

%
The object of torture is torture.

        -- "1984", George Orwell

%
If you look at software today, through the lens of the history of engineering,
it’s certainly engineering of a sort—but it’s the kind of engineering that
people without the concept of the arch did. Most software today is very much
like an Egyptian pyramid with millions of bricks piled on top of each other,
with no structural integrity, but just done by brute force and thousands of
slaves.

        -- Alan Kay, 2004

%
It is we who built these palaces and cities here in Spain and America and
everywhere. We, the workers. We can build others to take their place, and better
ones. We are not in the least afraid of ruins. We are going to inherit the
earth. There is not the slightest doubt about that. The bourgeoisie might blast
and ruin its own world before it leaves the stage of history. We carry a new
world here in our hearts. That world is growing in this minute.

        -- Buenaventura Durruti

%
What is to be done with the Arabs? Would the Jews expect to be strangers among
the Arabs, or would they want to make the Arabs strangers amongst themselves?
The Arabs have exactly the same historical right and it will be unfortunate for
you if, taking your stand under the protection of international plunderers,
using the underhand dealings and intrigue of a corrupt diplomacy, you make the
peaceful Arabs defend their right...

        -- Ilya Rubanovich, 1886

Rubanovich's critique is startlingly contemporary in its analysis, predating
Herzelian Zionism and recognizing the necessity of imperial power in
facilitating the colonization of Palestine and the creation of objective
conditions ripe for bloody conflict. Anti-Zionism would remain an important
political position among revolutionary socialist Jews.

        -- "The Movements Podcast", 2017

%
Power concedes nothing without a demand. It never did and it never will.

        -- Frederick Douglas, 1857

%
When the truth is replaced by silence, the silence is a lie.

        -- Yevgeny Yevtushenko

%
[The political far right] sees all opposition to the status quo as a) pathology and b) conspiracy.

        -- Michael Walker and Aaron Bastani
           #TyskySour, "Fake News, Communist Lobsters and Jordan Peterson", Novara Media
           2018-02-22
           http://novaramedia.com/2018/02/22/fake-news-and-communist-lobster/

%
All of the Western nations have been caught in a lie: the lie of their pretended
humanism. This means that their history has no moral justification and that the
West has no moral authority.

        -- James Baldwin

%
I felt then, as I feel now, that the politicians who took us to war should have
been given the guns and told to settle their differences themselves, instead of
organising nothing better than legalised mass murder.

        -- Harry Patch, last surviving British veteran of World War 1.

%
Look at me. Love isn't gonna save us. It's what we have to save. Pain makes us
strong enough to do it. All our scars, our anger, our despair -- it's armor.
Baby, God loves the sinners best, 'cos our fire burns bright, bright, bright.
Burn with me.

        -- Syd Barrett (not that Syd Barrett, another one)
           "Legion", season 2, episode 4.

%
There's a time when the operation of the machine becomes so odious — makes you
so sick at heart — that you can't take part. You can't even passively take part.
And you've got to put your bodies upon the gears and upon the wheels, upon the
levers, upon all the apparatus, and you've got to make it stop. And you've got
to indicate to the people who run it, to the people who own it, that unless
you're free, the machine will be prevented from working at all.

        -- Mario Savio, 2 December 1964, outside Sproul Hall, Berkeley

%
I got a right to be hostile! My people have been oppressed!

        -- Flavor Flav

%
The founding fathers gave the press the protection it must have to fulfill its
essential role in our democracy: the press was to serve the governed, not the
governors.

        -- US Supreme Court Justice Black, in the "Pentagon Papers" case

%
The only way to assert the right to publish is to publish.

%
[H]umans themselves have become what the philosopher Michel Feher calls “bits of
credit-seeking capital”.

        -- https://www.dissentmagazine.org/article/marxism-for-tomorrow-wendy-brown

%
We utterly deny all outward wars and strife and fightings with outward weapons,
for any end or under any pretense whatsoever. And this is our testimony to the
whole world. The spirit of Christ, by which we are guided, is not changeable, so
as once to command us from a thing of evil and again to move unto it; and we do
certainly know, and so testify to the world, that the spirit of Christ, which
leads us into all Truth, will never move us to fight and war against any man
with outward weapons, neither for the kingdom of Christ, nor for the kingdoms of
this world.

        -- A Declaration from the Harmless and Innocent People of God, called Quakers
           Presented to Charles II, 1660

%
Although Bakunin accepted elements of Marx’s class analysis and theories
regarding capitalism, acknowledging "Marx’s genius", he thought Marx's analysis
was one-sided, and that Marx's methods would compromise the social revolution.
More importantly, Bakunin criticized "authoritarian socialism" (which he
associated with Marxism) and the concept of dictatorship of the proletariat
which he adamantly refused.

       If you took the most ardent revolutionary, vested him in absolute power,
       within a year he would be worse than the Tsar himself.

%
They [the Marxists] maintain that only a dictatorship — their dictatorship, of
course — can create the will of the people, while our answer to this is: No
dictatorship can have any other aim but that of self-perpetuation, and it can
beget only slavery in the people tolerating it; freedom can be created only by
freedom, that is, by a universal rebellion on the part of the people and free
organization of the toiling masses from the bottom up.

        — Mikhail Bakunin, Statism and Anarchism

%
...we are convinced that liberty without socialism is privilege and injustice;
and that socialism without liberty is slavery and brutality.

        — Mikhail Bakunin, Federalism, Socialism, Anti-Theologism, 1867

%
For Bakunin, the fundamental contradiction is that for the Marxists, "anarchism
or freedom is the aim, while the state and dictatorship is the means, and so, in
order to free the masses, they have first to be enslaved."

%
Lot of people don't have too much food on their tables, but they got a lotta
forks, lotta knives, and they gotta cut somethin'. Watch out!

        -- Bob Dylan, "Talkin' New York (Gerde's Folk City)"

%
Totalitarianism in power invariably replaces all first-rate talents, regardless
of their sympathies, with those crackpots and fools whose lack of intelligence
and creativity is still the best guarantee of their loyalty.

        -- Hannah Arendt

%
The pandemic of mental anguish that afflicts our time cannot be properly
understood, or healed, if viewed as a private problem suffered by damaged
individuals.

        -- Mark Fisher

%
After the uprising of June 17th
The Secretary of the Authors' Union
Had leaflets distributed in the Stalinallee
Which said that the people
Had forfeited the government's confidence
And could only win it back
By redoubled labour. Wouldn't it
Be simpler in that case if the government
Dissolved the people and
Elected another?

        -- "The Solution (Die Lösung)", Bertolt Brecht, 1953,
           in reference to the 1953 East Berlin rising.

%
We live in capitalism. Its power seems inescapable. So did the divine right of
kings. Any human power can be resisted and changed by human beings. Resistance
and change often begin in art, and very often in our art, the art of words.

        -- Ursula K. Le Guin (1929-2018)

%
Against the Bolshevik oligarchy, Kronstadt defended the very best of the
workers’ and peasants’ struggle in the Russian revolution. For that very reason,
the [Leninist] oligarchs exterminated the Kronstadters, some right after the
military victory, the remainder in the dungeons and blockhouses inherited from
the tsarist and bourgeois regime. Understood thus, the date of March 7 [1921]
has to appear as a profoundly painful anniversary for the workers of all
countries. So it is not just among Russian toilers only that the painful memory
of the Kronstadt revolutionaries who perished in the fighting and the survivors
who were left to rot in Bolshevik jails should be reawakened on that date. But
this matter will not be resolved with moaning: aside from the commemoration of
March 7, the toilers of every land should organize rallies all over the place to
protest against the outrages perpetrated in Kronstadt by the Russian Communist
Party against revolutionary workers and sailors, and demand the release of the
survivors languishing in Bolshevik prisons and interned in the concentration
camps in Finland.

        -- Nestor Makhno

%
We know where you are. We know where you've been. We can more or less know what
you're thinking about.

        -- Eric Schmidt, CEO of Google, 2010

%
Everyone knows it's a mistake to write your whole program by hand in machine
language. What's less often understood is that there is a more general principle
here: that if you have a choice of several languages, it is, all other things
being equal, a mistake to program in anything but the most powerful one.

        -- Paul Graham

%
You do the shooting - they do the looting
You do the killing - they do the drilling
You do the dying - they do the lying
All the way to the Bank
You can hear them crying

        -- UB40, "Who You Fighting For?"

%
What do we want?

Low flying airplane noises!

When do we want them?

NNEEEEOOOOWWWWW!

%
Two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff.

BA-DUM TSSS!

%
What do the Titanic and Sixth Sense have in common?

Icy Dead People.

%
The editor rejected my book, he said my metaphors are incomprehensible…

I’m sad as a coconut.

%
Denial, Anger, Bargaining, Depression, Acceptance

Saturday, Sunday

%
A man goes to a funeral and asks the widow: “Mind if I say a word?” She says:
"Please do.” The man clears his throat and says: “Plethora.” The widow replies:
“Thanks, that means a lot.”

%
Give a man an egg and he’ll eat for a day. Breed a man that can lay an egg and
suddenly you’re “taking science too far.”

%
“Dad. Are we pyromaniacs?”

“Yes, we arson.”

%
If you rearrange the letters of POSTMEN…

They become VERY ANGRY.

%
Day of judgement, God is calling!
On their knees, the war pigs crawling,
Begging mercy for their sins.
Satan, laughing, spreads his wings.

        -- "War Pigs", Black Sabbath

%
Violence is caused by governments
Armies
Police force

        -- Planet Gong, "Floating Anarchy", 1977

%
The first impression was of a gigantic lid suddenly lifted, of pent-up thoughts
and aspirations suddenly exploding, on being released from the realm of dreams
into the realm of the real and the possible. In changing their environment
people themselves were changed. Those who had never dared say anything suddenly
felt their thoughts to be the most important thing in the world—and said so. The
shy became communicative. The helpless and isolated suddenly discovered that
collective power lay in their hands. The traditionally apathetic suddenly
realised the intensity of their involvement. A tremendous surge of community and
cohesion gripped those who had previously seen themselves as isolated and
impotent puppets, dominated by institutions that they could neither control nor
understand.

        -- An English student's impression of the May Events in Paris, 1968

%
Défense d'interdire. ("Forbidding is forbidden")

        -- grafitti, Paris, May 1968

%
Chomsky proceeds on the almost unthinkably subversive assumption that the United
States should be judged by the same standards that it preaches (often at
gunpoint) to other nations— he is nearly the only person now writing who assumes
a single standard of international morality not for rhetorical effect, but as a
matter of habitual, practically instinctual conviction.

        -- Christopher Hitchens (yes, that Christopher Hitchens!)
           For the Sake of Argument ("The 'We' Fallacy"), February 1988.

%
The corporate revolution will collapse if we refuse to buy what they are selling
– their ideas, their version of history, their wars, their weapons, their notion
of inevitability.

        -- Arundhati Roy

%
If you are religious, then remember that this bomb is Man's challenge to God.
It's worded quite simply: We have the power to destroy everything that You have
created. If you're not religious, then look at it this way. This world of ours
is 4 600 000 000 years old. It could end in an afternoon.

        -- Arundhati Roy

%
Big Dams are to a nation's 'development' what nuclear bombs are to its military
arsenal. They're both weapons of mass destruction. They're both weapons
governments use to control their own people. Both twentieth-century emblems that
mark a point in time when human intelligence has outstripped its own instinct
for survival. They're both malignant indications of a civilization turning upon
itself. They represent the severing of the link, not just the link -- the
understanding-- between human beings and the planet they live on. They scramble
the intelligence that connects eggs to hens, milk to cows, food to forests,
water to rivers, air to life, and the earth to human existence.

        -- Arundhati Roy

%
The trouble is that once America goes off to war, it can't very well return
without having fought one. If it doesn't find its enemy, for the sake of the
enraged folks back home, it will have to manufacture one. Once war begins, it
will develop a momentum, a logic and a justification of its own, and we'll lose
sight of why it's being fought in the first place.

        -- Arundati Roy

%
Here is a list of the countries that America has been at war with - and bombed -
since the second world war: China (1945-46, 1950-53), Korea (1950-53), Guatemala
(1954, 1967-69), Indonesia (1958), Cuba (1959-60), the Belgian Congo (1964),
Peru (1965), Laos (1964-73), Vietnam (1961-73), Cambodia (1969-70), Grenada
(1983), Libya (1986), El Salvador (1980s), Nicaragua (1980s), Panama (1989),
Iraq (1991-99), Bosnia (1995), Sudan (1998), Yugoslavia (1999). And now
Afghanistan.

        -- Arundhati Roy, 2001

Missing from Roy's list: Lebanon (1983), Somalia (1993).

And since then: Iraq (2003-), Libya again (2011), Syria (2017-), Niger (2017),
Somalia again (2018).

%
People rarely win wars, governments rarely (completely) lose them. People (do
completely) get killed.

        -- Arundhati Roy

%
While, legally and constitutionally, speech may be free, the space in which that
freedom can be exercised has been snatched from us and auctioned to the highest
bidders.

        -- Arundhati Roy

%
Another world is not only possible, she is on her way. On a quiet day, I can
hear her breathing.

        -- Arundhati Roy

%
Modern democracies have been around long enough for neoliberal capitalists to
learn how to subvert them. They have mastered the technique of infiltrating the
instruments of democracy—the 'independent' judiciary, the 'free' press, the
parliament—and moulding them to their purpose.

        -- Arundhati Roy

%
Nationalism of one kind or another was the cause of most of the genocide of the
twentieth century. Flags are bits of colored cloth that governments use first to
shrink-wrap people's brains and then as ceremonial shrouds to bury the dead.

        -- Arundhati Roy

%
The invasion of Iraq will surely go down in history as one of the most cowardly
wars ever fought. It was a war in which a band of rich nations, armed with
enough nuclear weapons to destroy the world several times over, rounded on a
poor nation, falsely accused it of having nuclear weapons, used the United
Nations to force it to disarm, then invaded it, occupied it, and are now in the
process of selling it.

        -- Arundhati Roy

%
The invasion of Iraq was a bandit act, an act of blatant state terrorism,
demonstrating absolute contempt for the concept of international law. The
invasion was an arbitrary military action inspired by a series of lies upon lies
and gross manipulation of the media and therefore of the public; an act intended
to consolidate American military and economic control of the Middle East
masquerading — as a last resort — all other justifications having failed to
justify themselves — as liberation.

        -- Harold Pinter

%
If those who support aggressive war had seen a fraction of what I've seen, if
they'd watched children fry to death from Napalm and bleed to death from a
cluster bomb, they might not utter the claptrap they do.

        -- John Pilger

%
We are beckoned to see the world through a one-way mirror, as if we are
threatened and innocent and the rest of humanity is threatening, or wretched, or
expendable. Our memory is struggling to rescue the truth that human rights were
not handed down as privileges from a parliament, or a boardroom, or an
institution, but that peace is only possible with justice and with information
that gives us the power to act justly.

        -- John Pilger

%
More terrorists are given training and sanctuary in the United States than
anywhere on earth. They include mass murderers, torturers, former and future
tyrants and assorted international criminals. This is virtually unknown to the
American public, thanks to the freest media on earth.

        -- John Pilger

%
Never believe anything until it is officially denied.

        -- Claud Cockburn

%
A devout and serious Christian, she was often bothered by what she read of
socialists because she could not, instantly and absolutely, see where they were
so wrong. To her horrified ear, they kept sounding as though they had ideas
rather like Christ's.

        -- Claud Cockburn

%
At the time, I was working for The Times. My story ran in full. Then an official
of the Foreign Office lunched my editor and told him my report was "not
helpful". Because, of course, we supported President Saddam at the time and
wanted revolutionary Iran to suffer and destroy itself. President Saddam was the
good guy then. I wasn't supposed to report his human rights abuses. And now I'm
not supposed to report the slaughter of the innocent by American or RAF pilots
because the British Government has changed sides.

        -- Robert Fisk, "The ministry of mendacity strikes again", April 4, 2003

%
And I think, in the end, that is the best definition of journalism I have heard;
to challenge authority - all authority - especially so when governments and
politicians take us to war, when they have decided that they will kill and
others will die.

        -- Robert Fisk

%
There are a large number of claims circulating about rampant anti-Semitism on
college campuses. When you go actually go through the records, talk to the
schools, speak to the deans and so forth, all of these claims turn out to be
fraudulent. There’s just no record of this so-called rampant anti-Semitism on
college campuses. The most striking example is Columbia University where [...]
pro-Israel outsiders were disrupting the classrooms of these professors [falsely
accued of anti-Semitism], secretly video-taping their lectures and being turned,
as the Columbia Report put it, into informers for the pro-Israel lobby. The real
story was the harassment of professors who were critical of Israeli policy.

        -- Norman Finkelstein

%
